[docs] Add notes about drift detection (#5120)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/docs-dev/user-guide/managing-application/configuration-drift-detection.md

### How to enable

> By default, drift detection is **NOT** enabled. You can enable it for each application by configuring application's [OnOutOfSync.disabled](../configuration-reference/#onoutofsync).

Reviewer: The "drift detection" feature is the detection feature, not the reconcile feature.
The option you mention in this PR is the reconcile option; the deployment will be triggered when the sync state is OUT_OF_SYNC.

So, I mean, the drift detection is enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: Yes, the drift detection is enabled by default. The disabled code is disabled the auto trigger new deployment on OUT_OF_SYNC by default @t-kikuc

Author: thanks both, 
yeah, drift detection is enabled by default, and deployment on OutOfSync is not.

I recovered the previous sentence and added a new explanation. [2f0785b](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/5120/commits/2f0785b8dc0082e8c6c5339d602d0b32cf39fb4b)

```
This feature is automatically enabled for all applications.

If you want to deploy automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occures, configure each application's [OnOutOfSync](../configuration-reference/#onoutofsync).
```

Reviewer 2: @t-kikuc There is a long-time story about this spec 😓 
ref: https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/discussions/2752
tl;dr: Previously, we didn't support trigger deployment on OUT_OF_SYNC, which someone thinks that it didn't suit the GitOps spec, so we decided to add that feature. The problem is, if we make that trigger by default, our users at that time will be affected (due to a ton of unexpected deployment triggers whenever OUT_OF_SYNC happens). That's why we make this spec - disable trigger deployment on OUT_OF_SYNC by default. 😄

This feature is automatically enabled for all applications.

> If you want to deploy automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occures, configure each application's [OnOutOfSync](../configuration-reference/#onoutofsync).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to trigger deployment automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occurs, configure each application's [OnOutOfSync](../configuration-reference/#onoutofsync).
```
typo and re-write 👀

Reviewer 2: Same for the others

Reviewer 2: On the second thought, I think this note could lead to confusing situation 🤔 We have place explain how to trigger pipecd deployment here: https://pipecd.dev/docs-v0.48.x/user-guide/managing-application/triggering-a-deployment/#trigger-configuration
Merging this note here could lead to confusion between drift detection feature and trigger feature of pipecd. WDYT? @t-kikuc @Warashi

Reviewer: This document is not a document like a dictionary, so we can write the same thing on several pages.
However, we can avoid confusion by the guide having centralized, with only one page at one thing.
I propose that this notation have a link to the page @khanhtc1202 mentioned, not the configuration reference page.

Author: >I propose that this notation have a link to the page @khanhtc1202 mentioned, not the configuration reference page.

I agree

Author: I fixed: [a25e438](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/5120/commits/a25e43839290cef322b4d39cac548c5435850ba9)

```markdown
### How to enable

This feature is automatically enabled for all applications.

If you want to trigger deployment automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occurs, see [Trigger configuration](./triggering-a-deployment/#trigger-configuration).
```

> If you want to trigger deployment automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occurs, see [Trigger configuration](./triggering-a-deployment/#trigger-configuration).

Reviewer 2: This should be a note and place under L57
```
This feature is automatically enabled for all applications.

You can change the checking interval as well as [configure the notification](../../managing-piped/configuring-notifications/) for these events in `piped` configuration.

Note: If you want to trigger deployment automatically when `OUT_OF_SYNC` occurs, see [Trigger configuration](./triggering-a-deployment/#trigger-configuration).
```

Author: thanks, i fixed [7b6dba3](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/5120/commits/7b6dba380c85d6b8e0afa03b2c3806b521bcc67e)
